All right welcome back with his students.
So on THE NEXT LIST the last lecture we actually did the categories pretty cool stuff.
But we need to create some validation if we have not already.
All right so I make sure that you have some validation you already know how to do that right.
So but we will finish it off in later on probably after we fates we do they all agree we'll do some
little refactoring here and there and just tightened everything up a little bit more.
All right so let's go to the media and let's see if we see something there OK.
Media is working.
And we got the last photos we are bloated they are let's blow something here.
All right let's.
I'm going over my pictures I'm going to try to upload something there.
And let's see if it works.
I'm going to try to overload my car.
All right.
Let's go here.
And you can see my car right here.
Nice.
You can see though you can see my car but.
But anyway he's there.
All right cool.
So that's working.
What else.
I mean we don't have anything else this is just placeholder stuff.
All right I think we got it working guys.
I think the rest is maybe build a dashboard or something there where we can see more data from our application
.
I don't know.
I mean you guys make the request and we'll try to put those features in this course.
All right now this course is pretty long so I'm going to probably be making new records on the you know
the newer version on Lavell and with some more features so that way I can show you some more examples
.
All right.
But anyway I think we're kind of done for the upgrade here.
If you have any questions let me know.
Put it on this cautions there.
Somebody will.
If I don't answer you somebody will answer you right away.
So we are here to help each other.
So let's be friends and I'll see you in the next lectures take care of my students.
You're awesome.
Bye bye.